Aerate the label's rendering settings description (#4567)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/style_library/label_settings.rst

In the |render| :guilabel:`Rendering` tab, you can tune when the labels can
be rendered and their interaction with other labels and features.

Label options
-------------

Under :guilabel:`Label options`:

* You find the :ref:`scale-based <label_scaledepend>`
  and the :guilabel:`Pixel size-based` visibility settings.

* The :guilabel:`Label z-index` determines the order in which labels are rendered,
  as well in relation with other feature labels in the layer (using data-defined
  override expression), as with labels from other layers. Labels with a higher
  z-index are rendered on top of labels (from any layer) with lower z-index.

  Additionally, the logic has been tweaked so that if two labels have
  matching z-indexes, then:

  * if they are from the same layer, the smaller label will be drawn above the
    larger label
  * if they are from different layers, the labels will be drawn in the same order
    as their layers themselves (ie respecting the order set in the map legend).

>   .. note:: This setting doesn't make labels to be drawn below the

Reviewer: Does this `.. note::` have the right indentation?

Author: I'd say "yes!". It relates to the z-index property only, hence should be aligned with its paragraphs

Reviewer: FIne!

     features from other layers, it just controls the order in which
     labels are drawn on top of all the layers' features.

* While rendering labels and in order to display readable labels,
  QGIS automatically evaluates the position of the labels and can hide some of them
  in case of collision. You can however choose to |checkbox| :guilabel:`Show all
  labels for this layer (including colliding labels)` in order to manually fix
  their placement (see :ref:`label_toolbar`).
* With data-defined expressions in :guilabel:`Show label` and :guilabel:`Always Show`
  you can fine tune which labels should be rendered.

> * Allow to :guilabel:`Show updside-down labels` which could be **Never**,

Author: Anyone knows what this property does?

Reviewer: I guess it governs to what extent labels (when following lines) should be rendered upside-down or be rotated 180 degrees when they would be upside-down (according to the direction of the line).

Author: Yep. I wasn't  clear enough; I was wondering to which rotation (next line) the property is referring to. btw
```suggestion
* Allow to :guilabel:`Show upside-down labels` which could be **Never**,
```

> * Allow to :guilabel:`Show updside-down labels` which could be **Never**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When to :guilabel:`Show updside-down labels` - alternatives are **Never**,
```
